MLPerf v4.1 Getting Started User Guide (#53)
intel-ai-tce/ai-documents: AEM/mlperf/README.md

<br><img src="/content/dam/developer/articles/guide/get-started-mlperf-intel-optimized-docker-images/mem_bandwidth.png" width="300" height="600"><br>  
     
</details>
<details>
<summary> Power  </summary>
We recommend the intel_pstate Frequency Driver. <br>
For best performance, set the Frequency Governor and Power and Perf Policy to performance. <br>
Here are related recommended power settings from svr-info. 
<br><img src="/content/dam/developer/articles/guide/get-started-mlperf-intel-optimized-docker-images/power_setting.png" width="400" height="300"><br>   
</details>

## Running Models with Intel Optimized Docker Image

### Launch the Docker Image
Set the directories on the host system where model, dataset, and log files will reside. These locations will retain model and data content between Docker sessions.
```
export DATA_DIR="${DATA_DIR:-${PWD}/data}"
export MODEL_DIR="${MODEL_DIR:-${PWD}/model}"
export LOG_DIR="${LOG_DIR:-${PWD}/logs}"
```

### Launch the Docker Image
In the Host OS environment, run the following after setting the proper Docker image. If the Docker image is not on the system already, it will be retrieved from the registry.

> model={resnet50,retinanet,rnnt,3d-unet,bert,gpt-j,dlrm_2,stable_diffusion,all}

Reviewer: do we have all as the model name?

> model={resnet50,retinanet,rnnt,3d-unet,bert,gpt-j,dlrm_2,stable_diffusion,all}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are the list of supported models "resnet50,retinanet,rnnt,3d-unet,bert,gpt-j,dlrm_2,stable_diffusion".  
Please pick a model name from the list and replace <model> in the docker image URL.  
```

If retrieving the model or dataset, ensure any necessary proxy settings are run inside the container.
```

> export DOCKER_IMAGE="${DOCKER_IMAGE:-amr-registry.caas.intel.com/aiops/mlperf:cpu_<model>_ww25}"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export DOCKER_IMAGE="${DOCKER_IMAGE:-intel/mlperf:cpu_<model>_ww25}"
```
